48 modifications based on aw feedback (#50)
siamakn/temp-nomad-onboarding-workshop: docs/Module1/M1_4_NOMAD_users.md

# NOMAD Users

The NOMAD software offers a [wide range of extendable functionalities](./M1_1_RDM_with_NOMAD.md) to support FAIR research data management. Similarly, individuals with a diverse and dynamic spectrum of needs and skills interact with NOMAD. Therefore, understanding your roles and responsibilities with respect to RDM in a research project is important for the effective utilization of NOMAD.

In general, individuals who interact with NOMAD can be categorized into three groups: 'Users', 'Application Administrators', and 'System Administrators'. This classification is not absolute and can have overlaps, depending on the RDM needs of researchers, research groups, or institutes.

![NOMAD users](./images/nomad_users.png)

### User (Researcher)
Users are scientists who directly interact with the NOMAD software. They upload datasets, search for data, and use applications within the NOMAD software. The majority of NOMAD functionalities are developed to support this user group with their RDM needs.

### Application Administrator

> Application administrators, also known as data stewards or data scientists, are responsible for implementing or creating use-case applications within NOMAD. This role requires an understanding of NOMAD, as well as proficiency in Python programming and tools like Jupyter. They build applications for the main users (researcjers) to address their specific RDM requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application administrators, also known as data stewards or data scientists, are responsible for implementing or creating use-case applications within NOMAD. This role requires an understanding of NOMAD, as well as proficiency in Python programming and tools like Jupyter. They build applications for the researchers to address their specific RDM requirements.

```
